Last night I had the chance to meet with first-term Democrats in Congress—it's a young, diverse class, stocked with a bunch of my campaign and administration alums who’ve taken the torch. This group is going to be driving progress for a long time to come.

Just in the nick of time: My brackets have never been my one shining moment, but here we go again. You can check out my #MarchMadness picks here: https://go.obama.org/2019-bracket 

And here are some ways to help cyclone victims in Mozambique, Malawi, and Zimbabwe:

The floods in the Midwest and in southern Africa are heartbreaking. Suffering and loss on two sides of the world calls for solidarity and strength from all of us. Ask what you can do to help our fellow Americans and families in need. Here are some ideas:

In 2011, I visited the tiny town of Moneygall and got to walk around in the house where my great-great-great grandfather Falmouth Kearney lived his early life. I'll always be grateful for the warmth and generosity of the Irish people. Happy St. Patrick's Day! -Barack O’Bama

Michelle and I send our condolences to the people of New Zealand. We grieve with you and the Muslim community. All of us must stand against hatred in all its forms.

.@MichelleObama and I are rooting hard for Team USA as the Special Olympics World Games get underway this week. Our Special Olympians are terrific examples of America’s heart and drive.

What a great moment. Happy 110th, Virginia.

Still dancing at 110 years old—happy birthday, Virginia! 

Michelle and I send our deepest sympathies to all who knew the victims of today’s plane crash in Ethiopia.

The Crew Dragon’s been on quite a ride since I last saw it—congrats to @NASA and @SpaceX on a successful return! We invested in the @Commercial_Crew program to strengthen the U.S. space program for the long haul, and it’s great to see that happening.

Preethi, Alice, and Sefora are just three of many @ObamaFoundation leaders who remind us what International Women’s Day is all about: imagining a world free of artificial ceilings for the next generation—and doing the hard work to get us there.

And @SeforaKodjo is helping the next generation of women leaders in Africa rise up. Her organization is training and mentoring young women across the continent to adopt a new model of leadership, one that puts gender equality at the heart of economic development.

.@BarbeAlice is helping refugees resettle into welcoming communities in France, offering them job training and language immersion, as well as a place to stay. More importantly, she’s fighting a narrative that suggests our differences are more important than our shared humanity.

.@preethiherman is helping women unleash their power to change their societies. As head of the http://Change.org  Foundation, she’s leading an initiative that combines online tools with in-person organizing, giving women a voice in her native India—and beyond.

On International Women’s Day, I’m reflecting on the future we all want for our daughters: one where they can live out their aspirations without limits. And I’m celebrating some of the women who are building that future for all of us today.

It’s up to all of us as citizens to make sure that the rules of democracy are fair—everywhere—because the next decade of our nation's progress is on the line. Join me and @allontheline in the fight against gerrymandering: http://allontheline.org .

Zion Williamson seems like an outstanding young man as well as an outstanding basketball player. Wishing him a speedy recovery.

I’m about to join @StephenCurry30 on stage with @MBK_Alliance to answer questions from boys and young men of color about the challenges that confront them and the opportunities within their grasp. Tune in at http://obama.org .

Ahead of #MBKRising and in honor of Black History Month, @BarackObama shared a nonfiction reading list that can help to provide some essential context about the challenges that many people of color face every day. Take a look, then tune in tomorrow:

I’ve always loved basketball because it’s about building a team that’s equal to more than the sum of its parts. Glad to see this expansion into Africa because for a rising continent, this can be about a lot more than what happens on the court.

On a landmark day for the NBA in Africa, a powerful video on how sports make a difference. @NBA_Africa 

